Framework of your website.
Well, given that frameworks are banned for this assignment, the closest thing I have is using php to paste my 
nav bar and any other common html code wherever I want it to go.


Content of each webpage:1. 
home
	* A hub of sorts with only the most important info summarized from the other web pages.
2. gallery
	* A collection of pictures of camp, the children, and the activities
3. signup
	* A form for collecting relevant information when RSVP'ing. If possible, I would love to accept payments
4. contacts (Facebook, ac emails, matt name, google cellphone number?)
	* contact info for camp 
5. our history 
* One of the original camp leaders asked if he could write about the camp's history, and I put it on the site
6. thank you 
	* give thanks to contributors (start with regular donors, then expand to everyone to who made camp possible)
7. activities 
	* details about the different activates that go on at camp
8. news/updates and changes
	* A notice board for when things change (board member elections, cancelations, etc.)
9. meet our leaders 
	*excerpt and picture of each leader (start with board members)
10. for the parents 
* a how to page, What to bring, address safety concerns
11. staff page
*  a seudo secure page which requires 'anouncements' as a pass phrase to access
Usage of Styling:
The majority of the pages are just text, and will require minimal styling
The more interesting pages will be: gallery, news, and our leaders

Gallery: I plan to add far more images, so I will have to use some sort of CSS to keep it orderly. 
If I add enough, I want to look into making it so the user can click through many images on one topic.

News: I would like to look into pulling recent posts from Facebook if possible, besides that, I want 
each 'post'to be a div with a max length, cutting off the content, but giving a see more optionOur 

Leaders: I want to collect images and quotes from people where possible. I will then turn those into 
'cards' for each leader if possibleHow you would be applying a flexboxes or grids:I will likely use a 
grid on the out leaders pageI also plan on using flex boxes on gallery, and news

Inclusion of responsive design:
I plan on using responsive design to alter my nav bar to stack vertically for narrow perspectives.
I will also use responsive design to limit the number of leaders in our leaders per row.

