Framework of your website. 


Content of each webpage:
1. home
	* A hub of sorts with only the most inportant info summarized from the other web pages.
2. gallery
	* A collection of pictures of camp, the children, and the activities
3. signup
	* A form for collecting relevant information when RSVP'ing. If possible, I would love to accept payments
4. contacts (facebook, ac emails, matt name, google cellphone number?)
	* contact info for camp 
5. our history 
	* One of the original camp leaders asked if he could write about the camp's history, and I put it on the site
6. thank you 
	* give thanks to contributors (start with regular donors, then expand to exeryone to who made camp possible)
7. activities 
	* details about the different activites that go on at camp
8. news/updates and changes
	* A notice board for when things change (board member elections, cancelations, etc.)
9. meet our leaders 
	exerpt and picture of each leader (start with board members)
10. for the parents 
	* a how to page, What to bring, address safety concerns

Usage of Styling:
The majority of the pages are just text, and will require minimal styling
The more interesting pages will be: gallery, news, and our leaders

Gallery: I plan to add far more images, so I will have to use some sort of css to keep it orderly. 
If I add enough, I want to look into making it so the user can click through many images on one topic.

News: I would like to look into pulling recent posts from facebook if possible, besides that, I want each 'post'
to be a div with a max length, cuttin off the content, but giving a see more option

Our Leaders: I want to collect images and quotes from people where possible. I will then turn those into 'cards' 
for each leader if possible

How you would be applying a flexboxes or grids. 
I will likely use a grid on the out leaders page
I also plan on useing flex boxes on gallery, and news

Inclusion of responsive design. 
I plan on using responsive design to alter my nav bar to stack vertically for narrow perspectives.
I will also use responsive design to limit the number of leaders in our leaders per row.

additional info:
I managed to get my site hosted through dream hoast, and it was working for a few days. 
This afternoon, UWEC blocked my page due to security threats. I submittes a ticket, but have not heard back yet.
Untill this is resolved my github will likely be the most up to date source for my code 
https://github.com/corbin3146/cs-268-web-systems
My site is still accessable when I open it using cellular data on my phone, so atleast that works
https://archerycamp.org

